Update how-to-count-occurrences-of-a-word-in-a-string-linq.md (#28738)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/programming-guide/concepts/linq/how-to-count-occurrences-of-a-word-in-a-string-linq.md

>         // Create the query.  Use ToLowerInvariant to match "data" and "Data"

Reviewer: I like this change @bazile 

Can you update this comment to match the updated code?

Once that's done, I'll :shipit:

```suggestion
        // Create the query.  Use the InvariantCultureIgnoreCase comparision to match "data" and "Data"
```
